[Merged by Bors] - Update Getting Started page to recommend debug mode optimizations (#393)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/book/getting-started/setup/_index.md

- **Nightly Rust Compiler**: This gives access to the latest performance improvements and "unstable" optimizations
  Create a `rust-toolchain.toml` file in the root of your project, next to `Cargo.toml`.
  ```toml
  [toolchain]
  channel = "nightly"
  ```
  For more information, see [The rustup book: Overrides](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file).
- **Generic Sharing**: Allows crates to share monomorphized generic code instead of duplicating it. In some cases this allows us to "precompile" generic code so it doesn't affect iterative compiles. This is only available on nightly Rust.

To enable fast compiles, install the nightly rust compiler and LLD. Then copy the contents of [this file](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/.cargo/config_fast_builds) to `YOUR_WORKSPACE/.cargo/config.toml`. For the project in this guide, that would be `my_bevy_game/.cargo/config.toml`.

If something went wrong, check out our [troubleshooting section](/learn/book/troubleshooting/) or [ask for help on our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/gMUk5Ph).

> ### Enable Debug Optimizations (Optional)

Reviewer: I really don't think this should be optional. This is effectively required for anything beyond the most basic projects.

As a result I think it should come earlier than fast compiles.

> ### Enable Debug Optimizations (Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compile with Performance Optimizations
```

> While it may not be an issue for simple projects, debug builds in Rust can be _very slow_ - especially when you start using Bevy's 2D and 3D features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it may not be an issue for simple projects, debug builds in Rust can be _very slow_ - especially when you start using Bevy to make real games.
```

It's not uncommon for debug builds using the default configuration to take multiple minutes to load large 3D models, or for the framerate for simple scenes to drop to near-unplayable levels.

Fortunately, there is a simple fix, and we don't have to give up our fast iterative compiles!

```toml
# Enable only a small amount of optimization in debug mode
[profile.dev]
opt-level = 1

> # Enable high optimizations for dependencies (incl. Bevy), but not for our code:

Reviewer 2: @inodentry are you ok with those comments being copied here? If not @Roryl-c this should be either removed or changed to something else.
